Is it them?
Why is it turning?
Luan.
It's done.
We have Asif's heroin.
All 140 million of it.
You know how it feels
to be powerless.
To be a pawn
in someone else's game.
The things it makes you do...
just to hold on to some kind of life.
That's all my dad ever knew.
Throwing fights for money.
night after night.
Elliot.
- What do I always say?
- Pawns can't be kings.
He was my dad.
so I believed him.
but it took me years
to understand.
That's how he found his dignity.
Ah. Jesus!
But I... I couldn't accept it.
I needed to know.
What does it feel like
to be a king?
Hello?
Sean. Asif's shipment was stolen.
The heroin is gone.
Somebody betrayed us.
Sean?
Fuck!
- Sean. what's going on?
- The heroin's gone.
All 1.3 fucking tons of it.
- Look. it's just one shipment.
- No. no. It's more than that.
Koba and I made a statement.
We made it clear London was ours
and someone just decided
the fuck it wasn't!
Who knew the routes?
- Merwan and Koba.
- Right. Merwan. then.
- Retaliation for Lale.
- No. He doesn't know.
He doesn't know that...
He doesn't know.
And he's made peace with us
using Asif's heroin.
- He knows it's a necessity.
- So Koba?
Koba has nothing to gain
from weakening our position.
But he has everything to gain
by weakening yours.
I am aware of my situation.
Sean...
Koba. We have a problem...
Koba and Merwan.
They aren't the only two people
who know the route.
- You know it.
- What did you say?
- I said you know the routes.
- No.
You just accused me
of betraying my own son.
You didn't like the deal
Sean made with Koba.
You want to see
the Wallaces on top. Singular.
I'm just asking you if maybe
you aren't being entirely honest
about which Wallace that is.
Jesus. Billy!
I've really failed you.
haven't I?
We aren't talking days.
We're talking weeks.
- Minimum three.
- Fu-u-uck!
How did you let this happen?
We didn't let anything happen.
Someone on your side betrayed us.
Or one of you
betrayed the other.
We need to fix this now. Asif.
Not in three weeks.
Now.
This is as much
your problem as it is ours.
How so?
Because of the price I paid you.
Because I gave you Lale.
We can't claim a monopoly
on the drugs trade
if we don't have
any fucking drugs to sell.
I'm here in Lahore.
There is no product yet.
What do you want me to do?
Give me a reason not to send Merwan
and a team of Kurds to Lahore
to wipe out you and your family.
Clock's ticking. Asif.
All right.
I made a delivery to Bibi Agostini
in Paris. A week ago. maybe.
No way they could have moved
even 20% yet.
So we go to Paris and take
the rest from this French fuck.
Agostini's one of the biggest
players in France.
You don't take from Agostini.
You make a deal.
What's it about?
Here. this is for you.
Rasha Zidane?
What is this for?
You're going home
for a few days.
Paris? Why?
Koba asked for you again.
Him and Sean Wallace are going
over to make some big deal.
They want you there as a translator.
Is this a fucking joke?
You tell me you're going to make
Sean pay for Basem.
And now you want me
to work for him?
You work for me. Saba.
You understand?
So that means you work
for Sean Wallace now.
It's the way it goes.
Don't look at him. look at me.
Koba asked for our help.
Hm?
Do you understand me?
That's good for us.
Saba.
Don't fuck this up.
We've got Sean
and Koba's heroin.
Luan intercepted it.
and we're going to distribute it.
Marian told Dad that Sean
and Koba are going to Paris
to buy more
from a dealer out there.
When?
- Tomorrow.
- Where?
Where?
Her office?
Club. restaurant.
Agostini's fucking house? Where?
- I don't know. I'll find out.
- Thank you.
Elliot. are you sleeping?
You're not thinking clearly.
After you kill Sean.
what you gonna do?
Look. I want you
to come out of this alive.
When Marian Wallace finds out
her son's dead because of you.
what are you gonna do?
If we do this right. it doesn't
just end with Sean and Koba dead.
You and me. We could build
something together.
But if you're not in the right shape
for that. then we should wait...
They can't cross international borders
with an army of mercenaries.
They'll be vulnerable out there.
And I got people in Paris.
They won't see me coming.
We should move on this. fast.
What's our plan?
We need to get ahead
of this Agostini problem.
Luan. contact your men
and get them to move this now.
To weaken Koba's position...
we sell to the gangs
for half price.
Flood the market with our heroin
before Sean and Koba do.
- Agreed.
- Yes.
Okay.
Let's get to work.
The phone.
- Billy?
- It's Luan.
- Billy found the heroin.
- What?
Marian.
What do you want
me to do with him?
Um...
Understood.
Get in.
Luan. you can't lock me
in a van filled with heroin.
I'm not. Your mother is.
Get in.
Luan. whatever she's paying you.
Sean will double it.
He'll... He'll double it.
Luan! Luan!
Please! Please. Luan!
Luan. he'll double it.
Don't leave me in here!
Luan!
Please! Luan!
Beautiful city.
- Nice to be home?
- I'm from Saint Denis.
This is no more my home
than Buckingham Palace.
Regarde les pâtisseries!
Okay.
What the fuck?
This is recon. you can't do this now!
Fucking tourists
and cops everywhere!
Merci.
Bibi Agostini.
We can order. It's her place.
Well. Bibi. it's a pleasure.
I believe you know
why we're here?
Someone stole your heroin and
you'd like some of hers to replace it?
So. how about it?
I don't like waste.
So I only order what I need.
Which means I need what I order.
It's a temporary measure.
We'll replace it before you miss it.
Unless they steal the next load.
Is that it. then?
- Hm?
- Au revoir.
Finn Wallace would have burned
this fucking place down if he was here.
That sounds like him.
After spending an hour
trying to fuck her.
That definitely sounds like him.
Luckily. I take after my mother.
Not too much. I hope.
So...
The heroin. How much do you want?
How much are you willing to pay?
We want half of it.
and we're paying nothing.
It must be my birthday.
We're proposing a partnership.
Our cities have never
worked together.
We have no pay masters.
It's an advanced system that sees
the money flow faster. one way.
We own the ports. the routes
and the infrastructure.
She needs to be somewhere.
We can meet in VIP
at her club. 9pm. Talk more.
Okay?
Bibi.
Look forward to talking more.
It's a pleasure.
Nice to meet you.
You look like your father.
- I like her.
- Hm.
Let's see what she wants
in return.
Agostini's leaving.
Me and Sean need to talk.
You go see your old friends
but be there 8:30.
Don't be late. Saba.
They're leaving.
Want me to follow them?
You fucking liar.
I'm doing this for Sean.
Bullshit. That's bullshit.
Sean's deal with Koba
ends one way.
Sean dead
and Koba on top.
And the Wallaces
consigned to history.
I am not prepared to stand back
and let that happen.
That's bollocks!
Want to know what I think?
I think we've found
your addiction.
Power.
When Sean was dead. you thought
you'd be the Wallace on top.
You thought it was finally your turn.
But since he came back. it's fucked
everything up for you. hasn't it?
You wish he'd never
come back at all.
You don't have the answer
for everything. Billy.
You cannot keep him
locked in there forever.
- Then we'd better move fast.
- Marian!
Marian!
What the fuck?
- No. fuck!
- Aargh!
Remember me?
From the fish market.
You know me.
I got you out of there. remember?
Yeah. But you work with Koba.
- I came with him.
- No. no!
I'm here to kill Koba and Sean.
I need you to help me do it.
Sean killed Basem that night.
I know you want him dead as well.
Just leave me alone.
Why won't you all
just leave me the fuck alone?
Sean and Koba
have their teeth in you.
And they will not let you go.
Ever! They own you now.
What do you need?
Just tell me what they're doing.
where and when.
I don't know about today.
but tonight we're meeting
in a VIP room in Agostini's club.
It's in the Asian Quarter.
That's all I know.
- When?
- 9pm.
Armed security on the door.
- Inside?
- Probably.
But you won't get in with a gun.
No.
But she will.
She's her guest.
You want me to carry a gun?
Listen to me.
If you don't carry one now. you'll be
carrying one for the rest of your life.
Merci.
Good evening.
- Bonsoir.
- Welcome. gentlemen.
I'm with them.
Can I look at your bag. please?
I just came in
with these people.
Bag.
- Sean.
- Hey.
She's with us.
Go right this way.
Saba. you did well with Bibi.
Hid your nerves. opinions.
You're a smart kid. strong.
You don't see that you want it
yet. but your future.
you could go far.
I need to use the bathroom.
Go on.
Don't be long.
Can I help you?
Yes. where's the VIP room?
Basement level 2. Take the lift.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
She used to fuck your father.
so you should take the lead on this.
Hm. Yeah.
Bibi's VIP room
is ready for you.
Time to go.
Tamaz. go and find Saba.
I think this is a good sign.
Yeah.
Saba!
Saba?
What the fuck. man?
Get out of here!
- Come.
- Give me one second. I'm coming.
- Come on.
- Get out.
Be quick.
It's on.
- Let's go.
- Go.
Karaoke?
We're discussing business over
a group rendition of "Hey Jude"?
Saba. translate.
Welcome.
These are her friends.
They will look after us
this evening.
And the room's swept
so we can talk freely here.
Saba.
Salut.
- Salut.
- Gaumarjos.
Gaumarjos.
Where's that order?
Trolley 56. it was just here.
Up.
Where are you going?
VIP level 2.
You can go.
Bribing officials
is hit and miss.
We put them on a retainer.
So we own the ports...
Hm.
The ports interest me.
Drug trafficking is a big part
of our business
but we have other interests
when it comes to traffic.
Guns?
People.
Our fastest growing revenue
stream is people traffic.
Our biggest limit to growth.
is our inability to access
the UK market.
Allow us to move people in the UK.
Your father always refused.
but if you agree to moving
my girls around then...
maybe...
maybe we have a deal.
What do you say. Sean?
Well. Sean?
We can arrange that.
Well. then you will have your heroin
and a new business partner.
Bibi.
Beautiful. Wow.
Is there a problem?
No. just a quick check.
Yes. of course.
Hey!
Sir!
That's my trolley.
I don't speak Korean.
Aargh!
Where are they?
Let's get the champagne.
- We can see the sights.
- Hands across the Channel.
- Salut.
- Cheers.
Shit. did you hear that?
There's a gunman.
We have to get you out of here.
I want to stay here.
Secure everywhere. Go.
What's going on?
Security has been attacked
in the VIP room.
- What's going on?
- There's a gunman in the building.
Security have been attacked
in the VIP room.
I thought this was
the fucking VIP room.
It is my VIP room.
Please.
Get out of here. Move!
Shit!
Sean Wallace.
Where is he?
It's him!
Aargh.
Stay there.
Tell me...
What floor
is the other VIP room on?
I... don't... know....
- Come.
- Please...
I can't help you.
Sean..
Do you know this man?
Don't lie. I know.
Yeah.
Fuck off!
Go take your bullshit with you
back to London.
This is why we don't want
to do business with London.
Deal's off!
Come on. let's go.
- Fuck's sake!
- Go!
Oh.
There he is.
He's back here. Go. go. go!
What happened?
Whoa!
- Where's the girl?
- Fuck!
Give me your phone.
Come on.
Look at it.
"Wrong room. Abort."
You're working with Elliot?
Who else are you
fucking working with? Hm?
No one. Just him.
I don't expect to have to ask twice.
Who else are you fucking working with?
I swear to you.
I don't even know him.
I don't even know the fucking...
Please. Please.
Sean. Not here.
Our heroin's stolen.
an attempt made
on our life in two days.
We have a traitor.
Believe me. she's going
to tell me who the fuck it is.
Fucking English!
It's fucked. Shannon!
It's fucked!
Sean will know by now it was me
and he'll trace that back to you.
You got to get Danny and run.
I'm not going anywhere.
No. Shannon. I'll fix it. I promise.
I just need to figure out how.
I know how. Elliot. I know
how you can get to Sean.
Tonight.
Do you believe
there are any rules in this world?
I only know one.
People suffer because they mean
nothing to the powerful.
My dad.
You.
It's all the same world.
They don't even feel like sacrifices.
They just mean nothing.
Tell me I'm wrong.
Tell me they pay for their sins.
I want them to know fear.
To be powerless.
To feel it in their bones.
But how do you do that? Hm?
How do you turn a king into a pawn?
It was going well
until Elliot stormed the building
in an attempt to assassinate us.
Somehow he knew
we were in Paris.
We have a traitor. Mum.
one with inside knowledge
of the routes and the meeting.
Who sent Elliot to Paris?
Clearly the Algerian girl
was working with him.
But how could they know
we'd be there? Hm?
Mum.
do you have anything to say?
Mum?
Well?
Sean.